# LogParser

LogParser is a web application that can be used to parse log files from other programs. It can parse arbitrary log formats (which users may specify) into more accessible ones.

## Features

* Arbitrary Log Format Parsing
* Database Storage
* Multiple Output Modes
** CSV
** Tabular Data

## Requirements

* A web server of your choice
* PHP >= 5.0
* PostgreSQL

## Install

Copy the contents of the LogParser folder to a directory of your choice and run db.sql. You must also edit logparser.php and replace <host>, <db>, <dbuser>, <dbpass> with data that's appropriate for your database.

## Usage

Logs can be provided through either text input or file input. Text input is limited to 4KB while file input is limited to 1MB files. 
After specifying a log file, you must define a log parse format. The parse format consists of text which contains capture groups ($n where n is a number). The parser attempts to match log data with the parse format up until it encounters a capture group, where it captures text until the next character matches the character right after the capture group identifier in the parse format string.
Example:
- Log Data: Hello - world; Greetings 21/12/2000
- Parse Format: $1 - $2; $3 $4/$5/$6
- Output: An array containing "Hello", "world", "Greetings", "21", "12", "2000".

## TODO
- Ending marker support (in order to support log entries that do not end in newlines, which is needed to handle logs like those generated by Filesender)
- Filtering
- Named data captures

## License

LogParser is published under the terms of the MIT License.